Add alterix to Projects or Products that use Sigma (#4325)
SigmaHQ/sigma: README.md

* [Aurora Agent](https://www.nextron-systems.com/2021/11/13/aurora-sigma-based-edr-agent-preview/)
* [Confluent Sigma](https://github.com/confluentinc/cyber/tree/master/confluent-sigma)
* [SEKOIA.IO](https://www.sekoia.io) - XDR supporting Sigma and Sigma Correlation rules languages

> * [alterix](https://github.com/mtnmunuklu/alterix) - Converts sigma rules to query language of the crypttech next generation siem product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [alterix](https://github.com/mtnmunuklu/alterix) - Converts Sigma rules to the query language of CRYPTTECH's SIEM.
```
